# packages in environment at /kuacc/users/bbozkurt15/.conda/envs/mysage:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
alabaster                 0.7.12                     py_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
arb                       2.19.0               h7e34412_1    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               20.1.0           py37h5e8e339_2    conda-forge
arpack                    3.7.0                hdefa2d7_2    conda-forge
async_generator           1.10                       py_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.9.1              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backports.zoneinfo        0.2.1            py37h5e8e339_4    conda-forge
bdw-gc                    8.0.4                h0efe328_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.35.1               h27ae35d_9  
binutils_linux-64         2.35                h67ddf6f_30    conda-forge
blas-devel                3.9.0           11_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
bleach                    3.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bottleneck                1.3.2            py37heb32a55_1  
brial                     1.2.10             pyh8af1aa0_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37h5e8e339_1001    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.17.2               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.5.30            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h6cf1ce9_1008    conda-forge
cddlib                    1!0.94m              h9202a9a_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.5.30        py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.6           py37hc58025e_0    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py37h89c1867_1    conda-forge
cliquer                   1.22                 h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.4.7            py37h5d9358c_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.78.0               hea6ffbf_0    conda-forge
cvxopt                    1.2.6            py37h22f8c62_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cypari2                   2.1.2            py37h42983a6_2    conda-forge
cysignals                 1.10.3           py37h437bc06_2    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.24          py37hcd2ae1e_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.17.1           py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
dsdp                      5.8               hd9d9efa_1203    conda-forge
ecl                       21.2.1               h368658b_1    conda-forge
eclib                     20210503             h717840f_2    conda-forge
ecm                       7.0.4             h9202a9a_1002    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.1                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
fflas-ffpack              2.4.3                h912ac81_2    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.9           nompi_h74d3f13_101    conda-forge
flintqs                   1.0               h85f3911_1001    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            hba837de_1005    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fplll                     5.4.1                h2bcffa3_0    conda-forge
fpylll                    0.5.6            py37h832920c_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h0708190_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py37h89c1867_3    conda-forge
gap-core                  4.11.0               h1725ef4_9    conda-forge
gap-defaults              4.11.0               ha770c72_9    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         9.3.0               h6df7d76_17  
gcc_linux-64              9.3.0               hf25ea35_30    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h0b5b191_1005    conda-forge
gf2x                      1.3.0                h75e9656_1    conda-forge
gfan                      0.6.2             hb86e20a_1003    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    9.3.0               hc4a2995_19    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         9.3.0               hdc58fab_30    conda-forge
giac                      1.6.0.47             h1b9236e_2    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
givaro                    4.1.1                h192cbe9_1    conda-forge
glpk                      4.65              h9202a9a_1004    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h58526e2_0    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.0b5          py37h025e8b9_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  he838d99_2    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         9.3.0               hbdd7822_17  
gxx_linux-64              9.3.0               h3fbe746_30    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.9.1                h83ec7ef_0    conda-forge
icu                       68.1                 h58526e2_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
igraph                    0.9.4                ha184e22_0    conda-forge
imagesize                 1.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
iml                       1.0.5             hd75c201_1003    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.8.1            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.5.5            py37h085eea5_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.27.0           py37h6531663_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.6.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h7f98852_2003    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.0           py37h89c1867_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jmol                      14.31.3              ha770c72_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.7.1            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        1.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_14    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.2            py37h2527ec5_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.2               hcc1bbae_0    conda-forge
lcalc                     1.23              h8cd7e2e_1006    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.35.1               h7274673_9  
lerc                      2.2.1                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           11_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbraiding               1.1                  h58526e2_0    conda-forge
libbrial                  1.2.10               hb0536f6_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           11_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.78.0               h2574ce0_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.7                  h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  he6710b0_2  
libflint                  2.7.1           hd3cd37b_ntl_102    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     9.3.0               hb95220a_17  
libgcc-ng                 11.1.0               hc902ee8_8    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.2                h78a0170_0    conda-forge
libgfortran               3.0.0                         1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            9.4.0                h69a702a_8    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.4.0                h62347ff_8    conda-forge
libglib                   2.68.4               h3e27bee_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   11.1.0               hc902ee8_8    conda-forge
libhomfly                 1.02r6               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           11_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           11_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.43.0               h812cca2_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.17          pthreads_h8fe5266_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h21135ba_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               ha56f1ee_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  9.3.0               hf0c5c8d_17  
libstdcxx-ng              11.1.0               h56837e0_8    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                hf544144_1    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.1                h3452ae3_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.1                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.12               h72842e0_0    conda-forge
linbox                    1.6.3                h120243f_5    conda-forge
lrcalc                    1.2               h58526e2_1000    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
m4ri                      20140914          h7ca028e_1005    conda-forge
m4rie                     20150908          h7ca028e_1001    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py37h5e8e339_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.4.3            py37h1058ff1_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
maxima                    5.45.0               h9d73b02_2    conda-forge
metis                     5.1.0             h58526e2_1006    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py37h5e8e339_1004    conda-forge
mpc                       1.2.1                h9f54685_0    conda-forge
mpfi                      1.5.4             h9f54685_1001    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.1.0                h9202a9a_1    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nauty                     2.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.1.0            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  he6710b0_1  
nest-asyncio              1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  2.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.4.3              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
ntl                       11.4.3               hef3c4d3_1    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.7.3            py37he8f5f7f_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.20.3           py37h038b26d_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openblas                  0.3.17          pthreads_h4748800_1    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.9.1             h5cc2fde_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                hb52868f_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1l               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
palp                      2.20                 h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.3.2            py37h8c16a72_0  
pandoc                    2.14.2               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.48.10              hb8ff022_0    conda-forge
pari                      2.13.2          h82e6b41_1_pthread    conda-forge
pari-galdata              0.0.20180411                  0    conda-forge
pari-seadata-small        0.0.20090618                  0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                h032f7d1_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          0_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.3.1            py37h0f21c89_0    conda-forge
pip                       21.2.2           py37h06a4308_0  
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h36c2ea0_1008    conda-forge
pkgconfig                 1.5.5            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
planarity                 3.0.0.5           h36c2ea0_1002    conda-forge
ppl                       1.2               h8c76519_1004    conda-forge
pplpy                     0.8.6            py37he4953fd_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.20             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.20               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.8.0            py37h5e8e339_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pycddlib                  2.1.4                     <pip>
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pynac                     0.7.27           py37h2b3c4cb_3    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 20.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pypoman                   0.5.4                     <pip>
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py37h5e8e339_2    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37h89c1867_3    conda-forge
python                    3.7.11               h12debd9_0  
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.7                     2_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     22.2.1           py37h336d617_0    conda-forge
qd                        2.3.22               h26a2512_2    conda-forge
r-base                    4.1.1                hb67fd72_0    conda-forge
ratpoints                 2.1.3             h445213a_1002    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h27cfd23_0  
requests                  2.25.1             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
rpy2                      3.4.5           py37r41h6f94858_0    conda-forge
rubiks                    20070912          h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
rw                        0.9                  h7f98852_0    conda-forge
sage                      9.3                  hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sagelib                   9.3              py37haf2caa7_5    conda-forge
sagemath-db-combinatorial-designs 20140630                      1    conda-forge
sagemath-db-conway-polynomials 0.5.0                ha878542_1    conda-forge
sagemath-db-elliptic-curves 0.8.1                hecc5488_0    conda-forge
sagemath-db-graphs        20210214             hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sagemath-db-polytopes     20170220                      1    conda-forge
sagetex                   3.5                pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.7.1            py37hf2a6cf1_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                52.0.0           py37h06a4308_0  
simplegeneric             0.8.1                      py_1    conda-forge
singular                  4.2.0.p3             h8b94468_1    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
snowballstemmer           2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinx                    3.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-applehelp   1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-devhelp     1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp    2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-jsmath      1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-qthelp      1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml 1.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.36.0               hc218d9a_0  
suitesparse               5.10.1               h9e50725_1    conda-forge
symmetrica                2.0               h58526e2_1007    conda-forge
sympow                    2.023.6              h779893b_2    conda-forge
sympy                     1.8              py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_14    conda-forge
tachyon                   0.99b6            h794f8fd_1001    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.3.0             h4bd325d_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.12.1           py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
testpath                  0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
three.js                  122                  hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hbc83047_0  
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py37h5e8e339_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.62.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.10.0.0           pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021a                he74cb21_1    conda-forge
tzlocal                   3.0              py37h89c1867_2    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.6             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.0             pyhd3eb1b0_1  
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1            py37h89c1867_4    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h7b6447c_0  
zeromq                    4.3.4                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11               h7b6447c_3  
zn_poly                   0.9.2                h9202a9a_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.0                ha95c52a_0    conda-forge
